1. add files in remote repo and also in local repo. Then sync them
2. Learn to undo the 3 commands required to push (git add, git commit, git push)
3. What happens when we have 2 commits and we try to push? Discuss in detail.
4. How floating point number is stored in memory.
5. Find out why there are no ++ and -- operators in Python.
6. Check if a year is Leap year
7. Check if a +ve integer is Perfect square
8. Find smallest of 3 distinct numbers
9. Farmer Problem
10. Taxation problem.

Check from which of the Python module the following functions come from.
range()
input()
print()
len()
min()
max()
sorted()

Assignments on Loops
1. Find biggest digit in a number
2. Find 2nd smallest digit in a number
3. Count number of Prime digits in a number
4. Print the Prime numbers in decreasing order between m and n (m < n)
5. Find the Nth Fibo (HemaChandra) term. Assume 1st 2 terms are 1 and 2
6. Find sum of thye series n - n2/3 + n4/5 - n8/7 .... m terms (1<=n<=4 and 2<=m<=10)
7. Print the following shapes by accepting number of lines
A. Right Angled Triangle
B. Equi lateral Triangle
C. Hollow Square
D. Howllow Rhombus
E. Pascal's Triangle
F. X shape
G. X shape inside hollow Square with 0 at middle/center
H. Benzene Ring (C6H6) Hexagon
8. Find sum of the Even placed digits in the given number.
9. Find sum of the Odd placed Even digits in the given number.

IMPORTANT SOURCES OF LEARNING:
1. Official Documentation (java: oracle docs, Front-End: Dev.mozilla, PythonL Python docs, C/C++: MSDN or IBM)
2. Youtube: MIT Open University, Stanford
3. Certification: NPTEL, Company Certification (AWS, GCP, Java-1Z0830, PyhtonInstitute.org PCAP, PCEP, PCED)
CDAC is the best
--------------------
1. Which modules(s) are automatically loaded/imported by python interpretor
2. In which module does print(), input(), len() functions come from?

WEEK2:
1. Name the Ultimate Parent class in Python (And its important methods and members)
2. What are the double underscore methods (functions)
3. How to define explicitly the main function in Python
4. Try to know as many methods of list and str classes as possible.
5. Why the command line Args are stored in a list and why not in tuple?
6. What is Pythonic and pep3 ?
DSA
1. Implement Binary search using Recursion
2. Print N terms of Fibo series using Recursion
3. Find Sum of digits of a number using Recursion
4. Optimized selection sort
5. Derive the efficiency of Quick Sort for Best Case
6. Find out, how we can create read only variable in Python


Python-Mysql, Python-Mongo
Linked Lists (Stack and Queue Implementation)
Merge Sort Implementation and Derivation of efficiency
Trees, BST, AVL Tree
Bucket Sort, Radix Sort, Heap Sort
FLask-MySQL/Mongo
NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlip and seaborn
Project (Hackathon ???)

Linked List Problems:(Create using OOP/Class)
1. Implement Queue using SLL and DLL, insert at rear delete from front
2. Implement Stack using SLL, insert and delete from front
3. Implement Stack using DLL, insert and delete from rear
4. Reverse a SLL
5. Merge 2 sorted SLLs into one sorted SLL
6. Check if 2 SLL converges at some point or not

Other Problems:
1. Impletent Circular Queue using an Array/List
2. Create a Matrix of (M, N) coordinates and print the Matrix in Spiral format

Week3
*** 1. Create a Singleton class in Pyhton
Singleton is a class to which only one object can be created

